Update discovery.kubernetes.md (#4522)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/discovery.kubernetes.md

  - `USERNAME`: The username to use for authentication to the remote_write API.
  - `PASSWORD`: The password to use for authentication to the remote_write API.

### Limit searched namespaces and filter by labels value

> This example limits the searched namespaces and only selects pods with a specific label value attached to them.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example limits the searched namespaces and only selects pods with a specific label value attached to them:
```

  - `USERNAME`: The username to use for authentication to the remote_write API.
  - `PASSWORD`: The password to use for authentication to the remote_write API.

### Limit searched namespaces and filter by labels value

> This example limits the namespaces where pods are discovered ans select only the pods that have a specific label value attached to them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example limits the searched namespaces and only selects pods with a specific label value attached to them.:
```

```river
discovery.kubernetes "k8s_pods" {
  role = "pod"

>   selectors {
>     role = “pod”
>     label = “app.kubernetes.io/name=prometheus-node-exporter”
>   }

Reviewer 2: Looks like some unicode characters that River doesn't like got in here:
```suggestion
  selectors {
    role = "pod"
    label = "app.kubernetes.io/name=prometheus-node-exporter"
  }
```

  namespaces {
    names = ["myapp"]
  }
}

> 

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
```
